Adjust documentation (#119)
apache/skywalking-rover: docs/en/setup/overview.md

1. [Deploy on Kubernetes](examples/deploy/kubernetes/readme.md)

## Configuration

The core concept behind this setting file is, that SkyWalking Rover is based on pure modularization design. The end-user can switch or assemble the collector features to their requirements.

So, in rover_configs.yaml, there contains these parts.
1. [Common](./configuration/common.md).
2. [Service Discovery](configuration/service-discovery.md).
3. [Traffic](./configuration/traffic.md).
4. [Profiling](./configuration/profiling.md).

> Also, You could use [Overriding Setting](./configuration/override-settings.md) feature to setup the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, You could use [Overriding Setting](./configuration/override-settings.md) feature to adjust the configurations.
```
